- A DEMONDICE PRODUCTION -
RAP/LYRICS/ANIMATION/MOVIE by DEMONDICE
TRACK by DYES IWASAKI
MIX/MASTER by DEMONDICE and DAVID SWOPE
(Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls)
(Welcome to the show!)
(Are you ready?)
ALKATRAZ / アルカトラズ
(3, 2, 1, Okay!)
Kncok-knock, howdy fellas! Here comes the trouble!
We're by night the devil's half-time ragtime rustlers
Untouchable charisma and spifflicated muscle
Split the difference, ya get the real "Honky-Tonk Hustle"
Hell's unbroken stallions, valiant swing rapscallions
Bringing back the "oki-doki, **** OFF" mentality!
An advantageous place of our own, where "having fun" wins, so
Uncourageous fakers best be knowing their onions, okay?
So much for tryna' keep the record "clean and stainless..."
“え、そんな事ないと思った。”
But there's a line between "defying the law" and "acting brainless"
“え、なんて言った？死ぬほどワロタ。”
やれやれ...
We got the real sockdolager sounds
And everybody wants a piece, but all I want is to peace out!
An off-the-beat town of scoffing clowns who act tough
Show'em what hell is! Only jealous cuz they can't catch up
So COME ON! (Let's keep it movin')
I'll break these iron chains they've got me locked in
Raise hell myself cuz all you're doin' is talkin'
So don't tell me how to break the law
I don't buy what you're selling
You say you're gonna "set me free"
Well, you take too long!
Hey, what's the hold up?
I'm sick of being holed up, and told what
To say and what to stand for by the man that's in control but
Off-handed and unplanned escape's a ticket to "goodnight"
But the animal's need to be freed's a stick of dynamite
So welcome one and welcome all, to Satan's hell in jail-cell walls
Regard the riotous lunacy till opportunity calls
A demon's "game of chance", or poker for souls
But here the Warden plays a hand wherein the Joker is the one in control!
"I guess that you could say the devil's off my shoulder!"
HA HA! Hilarious! Despair upon the worthless!
Behind the slick, sophisticated composure
He who runs a circus tends to be nefariously merciless
But if I had your soul, we could make a break for it...
Give and takin', given what's at stake, don't gotta hate me for it!
Hide our claws, obey their ridiculous laws and mimic their dance
Be reverential soldiers 'till we get that chance!
So COME ON! (Let's keep it movin')
I'll break these iron chains they've got me locked in
Raise hell myself cuz all you're doin's talkin'!
So don't tell me how to break the law
I don't buy what you're selling
You say you're gonna "set me free"
Well, you take too long!
1, 2, 3, 4
Countin' down the seconds 'till we aim for the door
We gotta sneak out the back, stop overthinking
And peak through the cracks, take out the kingpin!
This moment determines if we're swimmin' or sinkin'
An unforeseen deterrent could arise, so no blinkin'!
A wink of the eye, a minor slight of the hand
I'm gonna make it out alive with or without 'cha, man!
So are you in or you out? Don't complicate this
You hurry up, you'll enter right in time for the great TWIST
Of fate, it's the grande finale, so take a bow!
Curtains down, ding-dong
Sorry, you take too long
Man, you take too long
I can't wait, so COME ON! (Let's keep it movin')
I'll break these iron chains they've got me locked in
Raise hell myself cuz all you're doin's talkin'!
So don't tell me how to break the law
I don't buy what you're selling
You say you're gonna "set me free"
Well, you take too long!
(You say you're gonna,say you're gonna set me free)
(Yeah, you say you're gonna set me free)
Well, you take too long!
- A DEMONDICE PRODUCTION -
ALKATRAZ / アルカトラズ
(Gonna "set me free", huh?)
女士先生们 孩子们
欢迎来到表演！
准备好了吗？
打扰了兄弟们 有个麻烦事要处理下
我们是在夜里给恶魔做拉格泰姆音乐的盗贼
拥有着不可抗拒的魅力和发达的肌肉
退一步说 你可以欣赏纯正“喧闹之音”
地狱中坚不可摧的骏马是勇敢而自信的恶棍
带回“没问题 滚开吧”的心态
一个能尽情享乐的地盘属于我们这儿
没胆子的伪装者最好还是了解一下现实 行吗？
“我们努力不就是为了洁身自好吗”
“啥，我可不这么想”
“但是“故意犯法”与“无脑行事”之间是有区别的